Instructions

Before doing anything else, make sure persistence will work in your setup.
The system is pre-configured to save all your changes in /mnt/sdb, in a file
called mydata that is inside the TCE folder. This setting covers most uses
when you already have a hd/ssd installed on the device AND used the
recommended usb flash drive creator - Lili USB Creator.

You may need to change some paths if your computer has more than one storage
or your usb flash drive was generated by another boot media creator such as
Rufus or Unetbootin. If that's your case, it's best to change this setting
first. To do this, modify the file:

/mnt/sdX/boot/syslinux/syslinux.cfg

(The file location may vary depending on the application used to burn the usb flash drive)

You will need to use RunProgram in the toolbar (Application launcher),
write editor, click "Run with sudo" and OK. Then it will open the file
in the path above, where sdX is how the system recognizes your usb flash drive.

Even if your system is not running in /mnt/sdb, there is one more step:

Look for all "tce=sdb" entries in the file and replace "sdb" with the code
that your setup recognized your pendrive with (can be tce=sda, tce=sda1, tce=sdc, tce=sdd).
Save. This change is persistent. You will need to reboot the machine once after changing
syslinux.cfg before setting up mining so that the mining configuration is actually stored.
The first time you reboot, ignore the backup error (choose reboot without backup).

But if your system really is in sdb, then you can configure mining directly and
restart from USB stick later, because mining will start automatically on next boot.

The configuration of mining itself

Having done the persistence setup, first, make sure you have an Internet connection.
Do not run any scripts if you are note connected yet. If you do, you'll set things
up in half and run into problems.

The system should automatically configure itself on a wired network, but you can
use wifi on most machines. Just click on the wifi symbol in the bar.

Paste your wallet into the first line of the "carteira.txt" file. You can get
it from some cloud on the Internet (use the Chrome-based Iridium Browser in the
program bar). Or from your HD on the same PC/Notebook or from another usb flash
drive recorded with it. To do this, locate the device by opening the disks tool
below (MountTool), and activating (mounting) the device (sdaX, sdbX, sdcX...).

To access/browse the devices, use the roxFM manager (on the bar). Arrow up until you reach:

root -> mnt -> device (sdaX, sdbX or sdcX)

Then just locate your text file with the wallet. In roxFM, you can right-click
and select "Open As Text" from the File submenu for the file.

This is a very small system, so some tasks need attention. The copy/paste for
example, needs to be done with both windows open (the source and the destination).

After connecting to the internet and configuring carteira.txt,
SINGLE CLICK the "iniciar.sh" file for the configuration to begin.
Follow the instructions.

If all goes well you will have a system set up, but you will have to do the
first calibration. To do this, click "minerar.sh" (single click). If nothing
happens apparently it is because the mining is somehow already running in the
background. It was not designed for this, but in testing one user reported that
it did. Open the terminal (on the bar) and type: sudo killall xmrig. This kills
the process. Then click "minerar.sh".

Once the calibration is complete, it is time to restart to save the final configuration.
Make sure you choose Backup, and the device is correctly identified tce/sdX. The next few
times you shutdown and restart the machine with the usb flash drive, mining should start
automagically on a terminal screen visible to you.